Add 'new add-on imported/deleted' dialog (#4454)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/howto/integration/importing-and-exporting-objects.md

5. Click **OK**. 

> A dialog informing about imported add-on module shows up.

Reviewer: I will delete this part as the section talks not only about add-on modules, but all module types.

Reviewer 2: From Slack discussion, and because this How To seems to cover all options, not just specific cases, I'll keep this, but change it to:
```suggestion
If you are importing a module with the *.mxmodule* extension, a dialog informing you about the imported add-on module will be displayed.
```

2. Add *.mxmodule* file to the **modules** folder (you need to create this folder if it is not there). 
3. In Studio Pro, go to **App** > **Synchronize App Directory** on the menu bar.

> A dialog informing about imported add-on module shows up.

Reviewer: @mikita-haurykau , this section is about importing add-on modules, why does the pop-up window tells users about updating a module?

Reviewer 2: Discussions on Slack conclude that the dialog is always shown: _"It is not related to replace module:"_
```suggestion
A dialog informing you about the imported add-on module will be displayed.
```
